Scripts For Presentation

Slide - 1 and Slide 2

Good Morning Folks....

So its my duty to start of with the proceedings for the day. 

Instead of going through through these boring slides over here, lets get started with something that we all know?

How many of you have a smart watch here? Please raise your hand.  Thats great, we have got a bunch of people here.

See I dont have a smart watch yet, but I want to buy  one. Can you guide me on what all features I should look at while buying a smart watch?

Ok thats great... Looks like I have got a lot info from you guys, now let me make a note of all

battery life - Should last atleast for a week
display - Clear and crisp diplay
it should be small - should not look bulky
Internet connectivity - Say if you get some messages from GF while you are riding a bike (ignore it ride safe), but say when you are at a traffic signal
Touch should work - If you get a call how do you accept or reject it
Get the pulse rate - heart beat measurements
Firmware updates  - SW update support
stylish features like Raise to wake or Wrist Gesture

Let me come to the real  business now. Now we have a business opportunity here. So if we can make a chip that can cater to all these requirements -> we will get a good business deal right?

Let me map or convert all these suggestion to requirements for designing a chip, or say a chip that has these features - our PSOC6 chip

Battery life - low power
small - 40nm processor technollogy
Internet connectivity - WiFi support
display - it should support displays

Battery life - low power - how do we achieve
low clock frequency
two cores - low power core and a high performance core

Touch should work - We have our Capsense technology

Get the pulse rate - heart beat measurements - We have some sensor that reads the pulse i.e. a Analog sensor integrated to our Chip - ADC should be supported to display on watch

Software updates - Firmware updates - We should download the new sw/fw to flash and reboot the watch. The FW downloaded should be a encrypted one and it should be secure.

Charging via USB - A USB port is needed

We missed one stylish features that we currently have in our smart watches. 
Raise to wake or Wrist Gesture - We have sensors to track the Wrist gesture - 6-axis IMU + magnetometer

Now the PSOC6 chip can support all the above listed/ mentioned features right? Whats next?
How do we cater to new requiremnts in the modern era? Like AI-ML, voice assistant etc.. Thats why we have our PSOC6 AI Kit - Its a PSOC6 Kit with extra AI-ML features 

PSOC6 AI Kit = PSOC6 Kit +  some peripherals to perform AI-ML opeations.
 


Slide 3 - PSOC6 AI Evaluation Kit  - Sensors & ML Focus of the AI Kit
Keeping all these in my lets create a functional block diagram of PSOC6 AI Kit

Slide 3.b
So I have talked about the futeristic use of the kit or the smart watch in the AI-ML era. So we have onboard sensors for AI/ML applications.
1. voice assistant - Hey Alexa - How do we handle this voice commands - we need a PDM Microphone
2. Wrist gesture - 6-axis IMU BMI270 from Bosch + magnetometer BMM350 - IMU - inertial measurement unit - combines 3-axis accelerometer + 3-axis gyroscope + magnetometer BMM350 = 3-axis geomagnetic sensor
3. Barometric Pressure Sensor - Consider you are planning for an adventure trip with the same smart watch say Climb the Everest - You need frequent alert about atmospheric pressure and temperature right? 
So we do have solution for the same
4. Radar Sensor - Say you are in a busy meeting, say attending this session. Now your Friends texts you "Dude lets go for a movie. Can I get you one ticket?" Now you cant text him back, everyone is watching you. What you can de? Just node yor head to sya yes. left to right head node - No up-down head node - Yes . Set this gesture pattern in your Watch and the watch will detect this gesture and reply accordingly. 
How does watch detects this gesture? It doesnot have camera right? so what can we do? we have Radar - BGT60TR13C radar (with its L-shaped antenna array) senses micro-movements and Doppler shifts from your head relative to the watch on your wrist - cheap, works in any weather / lighting but short range 10-30cm range

Slide 4 - Let me take a rest. Please explain me this slide.

Slide 5 - Why Use the PSOCTM 6 AI Kit?
Why should I explain this now to you? You know answer to this better than me now? Right?

Thats all from My end.... We will soon catch up during our Hands on Session... Letr me know if there are any more questions for me?



Doubts 
Slide - 1 
1. Hardware crypto - dedicated Crypto block inside the PSoC 6 MCU i.e. Haredware and not in SW. It supports AES/DES/TDES, Hashing SHA-26, CRC etc..
   secure boot - Secure Boot ensures that only authentic, untampered firmware runs on the device. The CM0+ core typically runs first (secure boot manager), verifies the CM4 application, and then starts it.
   For AI Kit - protects your deployed ML models and firmware from tampering
   
   TRNG True Random Number Generator - hardware-based true random number source inside the Crypto block - TRNG uses physical entropy sources (e.g., thermal noise, ring oscillators) to generate unpredictable, high-quality random bits. - Compliant with standards for cryptographic use. Typical use case - Generating session keys for encryption
   
   Where all can we use our PSOC6 AI kit apart from just smart watch? 
   Car Dashboard
   Smart Glasses
   Smart induction cook
   Smart lights/ Smart plugs / home automation nodes
   Smart coffee maker
   smart door locks/ Video door bells
   
   
   
   Data collection  - collect real-time sensor data directly from physical environment using psoc6 ai kIt and DEEPCRAFT™ Studio.
   Labelling - label the incoming real-time data streams interactively (e.g., tag audio clips as "siren", "cough", or motion gestures as "wave", "tap")
   Training - Use DEEPCRAFT™ Studio to preprocess data and train the neural network.
   Deployment - Generate optimized C code or binary from DEEPCRAFT™ Studio, Import into ModusToolbox™, integrate via ML Configurator or code examples,Build, program the kit
   
   